welcome to camp victory can't victory
but this is Camp Liberty
oh no they changed that about a week ago
victory sound bed alright sweetie yeah
the car has been parked illegally the
suspension the sagging there's
definitely something heavy in the top
interesting what's he doing I'm gonna
die aren't I comfortable 20 bombs have
you disarmed 873 373 you're a wild man
you know that oh oh so bad the first
time working together who do you think I
think us working together means hot talk
to you and you talk to me you're gonna
round eight Sam boy
a team leader is inspiring he's gonna
get me killed
what's the best way to go about this are
me one of these things do we you and I
sir
that was good what do we have here these
boxes full of stuff and I almost killed
me
what about this one was this one from
oil it's my wedding ring like I said so
that I must kill me
[Music]
scared yeah mine's a coward about
something
we're going on a mission
and my job is to keep you safe so we can
keep going on missions combat buddy
you realize every time you suit up it's
life or death that's something you roll
the dice and you deal with
[Music]